prepare 5.0.0 (#438)
notify-rs/notify: UPGRADING_V4_TO_V5.md

This guide documents changes between v4 and v5 for upgrading existing code.

## (Precise) Events & Debouncing

Notify v5 only contains precise events. Debouncing is done by a separate crate [notify-debouncer-mini](https://github.com/notify-rs/notify/tree/main/notify-debouncer-mini). If you relied on `RawEvent`, this got replaced by `Event`.

> The old `DebouncedEvent` is completely removed. [notify-debouncer-mini] only reports an `Any` like event (named `DebouncedEvent` too), as relying on specific kinds (Write/Create/Remove) is very plattform specific and [can't](https://github.com/notify-rs/notify/issues/261) [be](https://github.com/notify-rs/notify/issues/187) [guaranteed](https://github.com/notify-rs/notify/issues/272) to work, relying on a lot of assumptions. In most cases you should check anway what exactly the state of files is, or probably re-run your application code, not relying on which event happened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old `DebouncedEvent` is completely removed. [notify-debouncer-mini] only reports an `Any` like event (named `DebouncedEvent` too), as relying on specific kinds (Write/Create/Remove) is very platform specific and [can't](https://github.com/notify-rs/notify/issues/261) [be](https://github.com/notify-rs/notify/issues/187) [guaranteed](https://github.com/notify-rs/notify/issues/272) to work, relying on a lot of assumptions. In most cases you should check anyway what exactly the state of files is, or probably re-run your application code, not relying on which event happened.
```
